now Moses was tending the flock of
now Moses was tending the flock of Jethro his father-in-law the priest of
Jethro his father-in-law the priest of
Jethro his father-in-law the priest of Midian and he led the flock to the back
Midian and he led the flock to the back
Midian and he led the flock to the back of the desert and came to Horeb the
of the desert and came to Horeb the
of the desert and came to Horeb the mountain of God and the angel of the
mountain of God and the angel of the
mountain of God and the angel of the Lord appeared to him in a flame of fire
Lord appeared to him in a flame of fire
Lord appeared to him in a flame of fire from the midst of a bush so he looked
from the midst of a bush so he looked
from the midst of a bush so he looked and behold the bush was burning with
and behold the bush was burning with
and behold the bush was burning with fire but the bush was not consumed then
fire but the bush was not consumed then
fire but the bush was not consumed then Moses said I will now turn aside and see
Moses said I will now turn aside and see
Moses said I will now turn aside and see this great sight why the bush does not
this great sight why the bush does not
this great sight why the bush does not burn so when the Lord saw that he turned
burn so when the Lord saw that he turned
burn so when the Lord saw that he turned aside to look God called him from the
aside to look God called him from the
aside to look God called him from the midst of the bush
Moses Moses Here I am do not draw near
Moses Moses Here I am do not draw near this place take your sandals off your
this place take your sandals off your
this place take your sandals off your feet for the place where you stand is
feet for the place where you stand is
feet for the place where you stand is holy ground I am the God of your father
holy ground I am the God of your father
holy ground I am the God of your father the God of Abraham the god of Isaac and
the God of Abraham the god of Isaac and
the God of Abraham the god of Isaac and what God of Jacob and Moses hid his face
what God of Jacob and Moses hid his face
what God of Jacob and Moses hid his face for he was afraid to look upon God
for he was afraid to look upon God
for he was afraid to look upon God I have surely seen the oppression of my
I have surely seen the oppression of my
I have surely seen the oppression of my people who are in Egypt and have heard
people who are in Egypt and have heard
people who are in Egypt and have heard their cry because of their taskmasters
their cry because of their taskmasters
their cry because of their taskmasters for I know their sorrows so I have come
for I know their sorrows so I have come
for I know their sorrows so I have come down to deliver them out of the hand of
down to deliver them out of the hand of
down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians and to bring them up from
the Egyptians and to bring them up from
the Egyptians and to bring them up from that land to a good and large land to a
that land to a good and large land to a
that land to a good and large land to a land flowing with milk and honey to the
land flowing with milk and honey to the
land flowing with milk and honey to the place of the Canaanites and the Hittites
place of the Canaanites and the Hittites
place of the Canaanites and the Hittites and the amorite and the perizzites and
and the amorite and the perizzites and
and the amorite and the perizzites and the highlights and the geoscience now
the highlights and the geoscience now
the highlights and the geoscience now therefore behold the cry of the children
therefore behold the cry of the children
therefore behold the cry of the children of Israel has come to me and I have also
of Israel has come to me and I have also
of Israel has come to me and I have also seen the oppression with which the
seen the oppression with which the
seen the oppression with which the Egyptians oppress them come now
Egyptians oppress them come now
Egyptians oppress them come now therefore
therefore
therefore and I will send you to Pharaoh that you
and I will send you to Pharaoh that you
and I will send you to Pharaoh that you may bring my people the children of
may bring my people the children of
may bring my people the children of Israel out of Egypt
Who am I that I should go to Pharaoh
Who am I that I should go to Pharaoh and that I should bring the children of
and that I should bring the children of
and that I should bring the children of the Israel out of Egypt I will certainly
the Israel out of Egypt I will certainly
the Israel out of Egypt I will certainly be with you and this shall be assigned
be with you and this shall be assigned
be with you and this shall be assigned to you that I have sent you when you
to you that I have sent you when you
to you that I have sent you when you have brought the people out of Egypt you
have brought the people out of Egypt you
have brought the people out of Egypt you shall serve God on this mountain indeed
shall serve God on this mountain indeed
shall serve God on this mountain indeed when I come to the children of Israel
when I come to the children of Israel
when I come to the children of Israel and say to them the god of your father's
and say to them the god of your father's
and say to them the god of your father's has sent me to you and they say to me
has sent me to you and they say to me
has sent me to you and they say to me what is his name what shall I say to
what is his name what shall I say to
what is his name what shall I say to them I am Who I am
them I am Who I am
them I am Who I am thus you shall say to the children of
thus you shall say to the children of
thus you shall say to the children of Israel I am has sent me to you thus you
Israel I am has sent me to you thus you
Israel I am has sent me to you thus you shall say to the children of Israel the
shall say to the children of Israel the
shall say to the children of Israel the Lord God of your father's the God of
Lord God of your father's the God of
Lord God of your father's the God of Abraham the god of Isaac and the God of
Abraham the god of Isaac and the God of
Abraham the god of Isaac and the God of Jacob has sent me to you this is my name
Jacob has sent me to you this is my name
Jacob has sent me to you this is my name forever and this is my memorial to all
forever and this is my memorial to all
forever and this is my memorial to all generations go and gather the elders of
generations go and gather the elders of
generations go and gather the elders of Israel together and say to them the Lord
Israel together and say to them the Lord
Israel together and say to them the Lord God of your father's the God of Abraham
God of your father's the God of Abraham
God of your father's the God of Abraham of Isaac and of Jacob appeared to me
of Isaac and of Jacob appeared to me
of Isaac and of Jacob appeared to me saying I have surely visited you and
saying I have surely visited you and
saying I have surely visited you and seen what is done to you in Egypt and I
seen what is done to you in Egypt and I
seen what is done to you in Egypt and I have said I will bring you up out of the
have said I will bring you up out of the
have said I will bring you up out of the affliction of Egypt to the land of the
affliction of Egypt to the land of the
affliction of Egypt to the land of the Canaanites and the Hittites and the
Canaanites and the Hittites and the
Canaanites and the Hittites and the amorite and the parasites and the
amorite and the parasites and the
amorite and the parasites and the heights and the jebusites to a land
heights and the jebusites to a land
heights and the jebusites to a land flowing with milk and honey
flowing with milk and honey
flowing with milk and honey then they will heed your voice and you
then they will heed your voice and you
then they will heed your voice and you shall come you and the elders of Israel
shall come you and the elders of Israel
shall come you and the elders of Israel to the king of Egypt and you shall say
to the king of Egypt and you shall say
to the king of Egypt and you shall say to him the Lord God of the Hebrews has
to him the Lord God of the Hebrews has
to him the Lord God of the Hebrews has met with us and now please let us go
met with us and now please let us go
met with us and now please let us go three days journey into the wilderness
three days journey into the wilderness
three days journey into the wilderness that we may sacrifice to the Lord our
that we may sacrifice to the Lord our
that we may sacrifice to the Lord our God but I am sure that the king of Egypt
God but I am sure that the king of Egypt
God but I am sure that the king of Egypt will not let you go
will not let you go
will not let you go no not even by a mighty hand so I will
no not even by a mighty hand so I will
no not even by a mighty hand so I will stretch out my hand and strike Egypt
stretch out my hand and strike Egypt
stretch out my hand and strike Egypt with all my wonders which I will do in
with all my wonders which I will do in
with all my wonders which I will do in its midst and after that he will let you
its midst and after that he will let you
its midst and after that he will let you go and I will give this people favor in
go and I will give this people favor in
go and I will give this people favor in the sight of the Egyptians and it shall
the sight of the Egyptians and it shall
the sight of the Egyptians and it shall be when you go that you shall not go
be when you go that you shall not go
be when you go that you shall not go empty-handed but every woman shall ask
empty-handed but every woman shall ask
empty-handed but every woman shall ask of her neighbour namely of her who
of her neighbour namely of her who
of her neighbour namely of her who dwells near her house articles of silver
dwells near her house articles of silver
dwells near her house articles of silver articles of gold and clothing and you
articles of gold and clothing and you
articles of gold and clothing and you shall put them on your sons and on your
shall put them on your sons and on your
shall put them on your sons and on your daughters so you shall plunder the
daughters so you shall plunder the
daughters so you shall plunder the Egyptians
Egyptians
Egyptians [Music]